Good afternoon, everyone.
My name is Dallas De Atley.
And for the next hour,
we're going to be talking about the
Security Framework on iOS and OS X.
So some of the things we're going
to be talking about over the next
hour include the basic building
blocks of the Security Framework,
How the operating systems
use the Security Framework
to store the user's secrets,
like a password using the Keychain.
How the operating system relies on
the security framework to protect data
as it travels over a network between
devices or a device and a web server.
and how the operating systems rely on
the Security Framework to evaluate the
trust of a digitally signed object.
So the Security Framework on
OS X actually is in a number of
different places in the system.
At the lowest level,
we have our crypto implementation.
And the Security Framework is
primarily implemented as a CF API.
But we also expose interfaces for
developers at the Objective-C level
and as a part of the AppKit level.
But for the purposes of today's talk,
we're just going to focus on those
bottom two components that are
the same on both OS X and iOS.
Now, if we were to just focus on
the entire Security Framework,
it actually has a lot
of technology in it,
and we're not going to be able to
cover all of this in today's session.
So again,
we're going to narrow it down a little
bit and just talk about a couple of
core concepts that we want you to
take away from the session today.
So the technologies that we want to
talk about include the crypto itself.
So the actual encryption and
signing operations that we
support on the platforms.
We're also going to
talk about the Keychain,
which is the database that we use for
securely protecting the user's passwords.
We're going to talk
about Secure Transport,
which is that technology that we
use for providing SSL on the device.
And we're going to talk
about how the system takes
advantage of trust evaluation.
So let's start with crypto.
So we support our cryptography in
a library called Common Crypto.
And Common Crypto was designed in
particular to be very performant.
And so our goal with this library
is to keep it small and fast.
But not only that,
The crypto library is at the lowest level
of the system because we use cryptography
on both platforms all over the place.
And so we are very sensitive to it
being as performant as possible,
not only because in general,
crypto algorithms are
computationally very complex,
but we also want it to be as
power efficient as possible.
One of the reasons we call it
common crypto is we want to put all
of the common algorithms that the
system depends on in one location.
So for example,
before we developed this library,
most of the engineering teams would
copy and paste the specific code they
needed into their own components.
And this led to, for example,
us having 17 different copies of the MD5
algorithm floating around the system.
So now we've got all of that
centralized in one place.
The other benefit of common crypto
is that for our clients in the OS,
we have a stable interface
that everyone can use.
But the crypto library itself
will actually take advantage of
processor-specific optimizations.
So if there's an instruction set
on a particular processor that
we can use to make AES go faster,
then common crypto is going to
take advantage of that without
our clients having to know.
In the same vein,
if we actually have hardware acceleration
available on a particular platform,
we'll take that path.
But again,
none of our clients really need
to know that all of this is going
on under the hood because they're
using a common set of interfaces.
In particular,
we support state-of-the-art
crypto algorithms on the device.
So what does that actually mean?
Well, we support the majority of the
FIPS 140-2 standard as defined by NIST.
For those of you who don't
recognize that alphabet soup,
NIST is a federal group that works to
define a lot of technology standards,
and FIPS in particular is their
information protection standard.
So what they do is they publish on a
regular basis the latest and greatest
crypto algorithms and the best way to
take advantage of them in your software.
And so in particular,
Our library,
we aim to keep up with the latest
standard as it's published.
So what I'd like to do is talk
a little bit about the types of
crypto that we actually support.
So for those of you who
have a bit more experience,
this might seem a little redundant,
but we also want to go through some
of the concepts that we use and the
terms that we use when we talk about
crypto for those of you who might
not be cryptographers yourself.
So what I have here is an example of
what we call symmetric encryption.
And the basic idea behind symmetric
encryption is that you want
to take a piece of plain text,
like a file or a message,
and you want to encrypt it and obscure
it so that an attacker can't actually
see what your original message was.
And the key behind symmetric encryption
is that you have a single key,
but the operation is two ways.
You can encrypt with the key and
then decrypt with the same key.
So in this example,
you're going to feed that symmetric key
and the plain text into an AES engine.
And what you're going to get out the
other side is what we call ciphertext.
And that is the obscured text that
should now be encrypted by that key.
And as I mentioned,
AES is what we call a two-way function.
So you can then take that ciphertext
and use the exact same key,
feed it back through the same engine,
and get the original plain text.
And so this is the kind of...
standard thing that people think
about when they think about
encryption and crypto in general.
And it's what most crypto systems
have been doing for a long time.
The main issue about all of this, though,
is if you want to encrypt a file
and then give that file to someone
else so that they can decrypt it,
you also have to get them the
key without an attacker being
able to intercept it on the way.
So there's another
algorithm that we support,
which is called a message digest.
And a message digest is a
way to decrypt a message.
And it's different from encryption in
that we call it a one-way function.
So the idea is that you're going to
have an arbitrary amount of data,
a file, or a large message,
that you're then going to run
through a message digest algorithm,
in this case like SHA.
And what you're going to get is
what we call a message digest.
Now,
a message digest is a much smaller value,
and it uniquely identifies
the data that you're sending.
And the idea behind a secure hashing
algorithm is that the odds of two
different sets of data hashing down
to the same message digest are very,
very low.
And so in most cases,
you can rely upon an algorithm like SHA-1
as a way to uniquely identify a message.
Now, as I mentioned,
we call this a one-way function.
So if someone just has the message digest
and they don't have the original data,
they can't have the message digest.
original data that you actually hashed.
[Transcript missing]
So that you can get the same behavior
for every crypto operation that
you feed through the AES engine.
And of course,
you also want to take advantage
of something that's called
an initialization vector.
Because what modern cryptanalysis
is trying to do is manipulate the
ciphertext and feed it back through
AES in such a way that people
can discover what your key was.
And so one technique is to use
an initialization vector to kind
of prime the pump for the engine.
But you can also run an AES engine
in a number of different modes.
So in this case,
we have what's called the
electronic codebook mode.
And it doesn't actually work with an IV.
So if you were to call the common
crypto operation and put it into
that mode and feed it an IV,
it's going to ignore it.
There's a different mode where
you're actually chaining all
the cipher blocks together.
And what's going on there is that each
cipher block that comes out is being
fed back into the engine to provide a
kind of feedback loop into the system.
And so, if the one thing you
take away from this talk,
if you're not familiar with
developing your own crypto
systems and using crypto directly,
we generally recommend that you use the
higher level services of the system.
So let me give you an example
of how this can go wrong.
So here we have a piece of artwork
that we chose completely at random.
And we wrote a little command line
tool based on our own crypto algorithms
that was designed to encrypt the file
so that if someone got a hold of it,
they wouldn't be able to
tell what the plain text was.
And we used that electronic code
book mode to feed it through AES,
which is an industry standard algorithm.
And this was the result.
So you can tell that an attacker
can probably guess what our
original plain text was.
So again, the devil is in the details
when it comes to this.
comes to doing crypto
operations on your own.
So some things to keep in mind.
Avoid using those crypto primitives.
Use the higher level services.
For example,
on the operating system itself,
we provide
is an API that the Mail application
uses called Cryptographic
Message Syntax or CMS.
And this is how Mail encrypts and
signs messages for the S/MIME protocol.
And so we've provided a higher
level API that the Mail team can
use so that they don't have to
figure out how to encrypt and sign
everything manually themselves.
Now we provide a higher level API for
folks who want to do encryption and
decryption and signing and verify
operations as a part of the set key APIs.
And those APIs are
available on OS X and iOS.
Last year we also introduced a
new API we call SecTransform.
And I'd like to talk about
SecTransform a little bit.
So SecTransform is
only available on OS X.
And the ideas that we've
provided in interface,
which at the core foundation
layer allows you to drive data
through a GCD engine for doing
encryption and data transcoding.
Now again, it's only available on OS X.
But you can do all of the standard
crypto routines that you would expect.
And you can do data encoding.
So for example, if you would like to
transfer a file into base 64,
so you can then send
it out over a network,
SecTransform will support that.
But
One of the great things about
SecTransform is it's a lot simpler
to use than the existing APIs we
had in the Security Framework.
So here's a code example of how you
can use SecTransform to actually
encode something into Base64.
So you're only going to be
providing two inputs fundamentally,
which is a CFData that
represents the actual data you
want to translate into Base64,
and then the error code you
want to get back from the call.
And what you're going to do is
first create that SecTransform.
And when you create the transform,
you're going to tell it,
"I'm going to use this transform
for doing Base64 encoding."
And you're going to set an
attribute on that transform.
And in this case,
the attribute is simply,
here's the input data I want you to use.
Once you've got that set up,
you call SecTransform execute,
and it's going to do all of
that work on your behalf.
It's going to return
the output data to you,
and then you can check for
errors with that error variable.
What's really cool about
SecTransform is under the hood,
it's taking advantage of
GCD on the platform for you.
So if you want to do a
whole bunch of operations,
either you want to chain them together
or you want them to run all in parallel,
SecTransform is going to use the
existing dispatch APIs to do all
of that scheduling on your behalf.
So your application,
you don't have to worry
about those level of details.
So let me give you an example
of what that looks like.
So in this code,
what we're doing is we want to first
encrypt the data and then encode
it for sending over the network.
So one additional piece of data
that you're going to have as
an input is the actual key that
you want to use for encryption.
And then the input data that you
want to encrypt and then encode.
And again, you're just going to create
an encryption transform,
set it up and give it the
original key that it needs
to use to do that encryption.
And then you're going to create
a separate encoding transform.
And the way that you actually
chain these together is by using
what we call a SecTransform group.
So you're going to create
that group transform.
And then you're going to connect
those two transforms together.
So you're telling the group that
I want this transform to run first,
and I want its data to feed into
this transform that runs after it.
At that point,
you just need to set the original
attribute on that encryption transform.
So here's your input data.
You can then execute those
transforms asynchronously.
And again, GCD will take care of all
of the details of scheduling
all that work on your behalf.
And that's really all there is to it.
And if you're familiar with using
the APIs that we've had previously,
this is far simpler.
So now I'd like to switch gears and
talk a little bit about the Keychain.
So the Keychain is fundamentally
intended to protect the user's secrets.
So when the user enters in his
passwords to log on to a website
or even to log on to the device,
You want to be storing
them in the Keychain.
It's also the right place for
other types of crypto material like
certificates and signing identities,
things like that.
One of the things the keychain
does is it enforces access control.
So the keychain is responsible for
deciding if a calling application is
allowed to get access to a keychain item.
And this can be expressed through
what we call access control lists,
or ACLs,
so that the original client that put
something into the keychain can specify,
here are the set of other clients
that are allowed to get direct
access to this keychain item.
And on OS X,
the keychain is also responsible
for putting up the UI that
will actually ask the user,
this application in particular
would like access to this item,
and the user can make that choice.
The keychain is cryptographically secure,
so that when you put an
item into the keychain,
we are encrypting it
and storing it locally,
and it's bound to the user's password.
So when I log into my Mac,
we're unlocking the default keychain.
Okay.
And on iOS, when I enter in my passcode
to unlock the device,
the keychain items are then
accessible to clients as well.
One chief difference between the
two platforms is that OS X supports
the concept of multiple Keychains,
so the user can take a set of
Keychain items and put them in
a separate physical Keychain.
You can put it on a USB thumb drive,
for example.
So I'd like to walk you through an
actual code example for how your app
can use the Keychain APIs on iOS.
So in this case,
we have a standard UI alert view.
And the UI alert views provide two
different styles for your applications
to ask the user for a password.
In this case,
we have the secure text input style.
And so when the user
types in his password,
it's displayed as those
black dots in the text field.
There's also a UI Alert View style
that allows you to ask for credentials,
so the username and the
password at the same time.
But fundamentally,
what your application gets access to is
the string that represents that password.
So when your application
has the password,
what it wants to do is go
put it into the Keychain.
And the way that you do that is you don't
just put the password into the Keychain,
you put the password and a set of
attributes that describe how that item
is going to be used in the future.
So the first thing your
application is going to do is
create an attributes dictionary.
And then set a couple of
standard attributes that
describe what that item is.
So in this example,
it's going to be just a generic password,
and we're setting an attribute that
associates it with a particular account.
So that when your application wants
to access that account in the future,
it knows which one to go ask for.
The last attribute that you set in the
dictionary is the password item itself.
And at that point,
once you have your dictionary,
you simply call sec item add,
and it's going to put
it into the Keychain.
And the system is going to
securely store that Keychain in the
Keychain database on your behalf.
So your application doesn't have to
worry about any of the other details
about protecting that Keychain item.
and SecItem is an API that
we provide on both platforms.
Now if your application
on OS X needs to use,
needs to run on older versions of OS X,
then there are pre-existing
APIs that you can use as well.
Now once the item is in the password,
the next time your application runs,
you don't want to have to ask the
user to enter in his password again,
you just want to go retrieve it
on his behalf from the Keychain.
And so what you do,
it's a very similar operation,
you're going to create
another dictionary,
and in this case you're going to set the
attributes to describe the item that you
want the Keychain to find on your behalf.
So again, you're going to say I'm
looking for a generic password
associated with my account,
and then you're going to
call SecItemCopyMatching,
and the Keychain is going to
return the item that best matches
the attributes that you provided.
One thing to keep in mind is that
in the case of calling CopyMatching,
you need to set an attribute
that says go ahead and actually
return the data once you've found
an item that matches properly.
When you call CopyMatching,
it's going to return a standard CFTypeRef
that's the password that you can then
use to go log into another service.
So that's the Keychain.
I'd now like to talk a little
bit about SecureTransport.
SecureTransport is a technology
that the OS uses for protecting
data as it travels over the network.
So for example, if you're a web browser,
and you're talking about a data transfer,
and you're talking to an HTTPS server,
underneath the hood,
you're taking advantage of
SecureTransport to do that work.
It does this by negotiating what we call
a secure channel between the device and
the server via a protocol called TLS,
which stands for
Transport Layer Security.
You've probably also heard of this,
heard of people refer to this as SSL.
In particular,
Mountain Lion and iOS 5 support the
latest TLS protocol 1.2 by default.
And if your application is doing
networking on either platform,
most likely you're using the
higher level CF network APIs for
doing that network activity.
And CF network and the NSURL APIs support
Secure Transport natively.
So if you're talking to an HTTPS server,
CF network is going to use
Secure Transport on your behalf.
But if your application is talking
directly to the BSD level APIs,
you can then use Secure Transport to
manually perform the handshake
and then to actually send the
data over the socket yourself.
One thing to keep in mind is that there
are older web servers that only know
how to talk older dialects of TLS.
And if you're using the default
settings for Secure Transport on
Mountain Lion and iOS 5,
you might not be able to communicate
with those older servers directly.
We have a great tech note online
that goes into details about
how you can adapt to that.
So as I mentioned,
Secure Transport is heavily
used by a web browser.
So I'd kind of like to give you an idea
of how that stacks up in the system.
So in this case, we have Safari.
which is fundamentally relying upon the
CF network APIs for doing all of the
networking and the HTTP on its behalf.
In the case where you're actually
visiting an HTTPS server,
CF Network is automatically going to
create an SSL context and perform all
of the work to handshake with that
server on behalf of the application.
And once it has that context in hand,
all of the actual data that's
written over the network is
done using the SSL calls that we
provide in the Security Framework.
So I'd like to talk a little
bit about what that protocol
behind TLS is actually doing.
So in this case, we have an iPhone that's
talking to a web server.
And the first thing the iPhone is
going to do is send a hello message.
And the idea of the hello message is
that the client is telling the server,
hey, I want to negotiate a
secure channel with you.
And it's going to specify a handful of
things that the server needs to know,
particularly the supported versions
of TLS that the client can speak.
So it'll send a list of things
that the client needs to know.
So it'll send a list of I speak
all of these different dialects.
It's also going to tell the server,
here's the crypto that I know how to use,
so a specific encryption protocol,
for example.
Secure Transport also supports
the idea of encrypting data and
compressing it for network efficiency.
And so the client can
also tell the server,
I know how to compress.
At that point, the server is going to be
the person who decides,
"Here is the actual version of TLS,
and here is the actual cipher
that we're going to use for this
session." So it's going to respond
with its own hello message with all
that information for the client.
Something else the server is going
to include is the certificate.
And the certificate is how
the server tells the client,
here's who I am and here's
how you can trust me.
Now, if you're doing something that we
call client-side authentication,
the client is then going to
respond with its own certificate.
And at that point,
both sides can use public key
cryptography to then exchange a
symmetric key so that all of the
data that travels between them
from that point on is encrypted.
So, I'd now like to talk a little bit
about certificates and how those play
into trust evaluation on the system
because it's heavily used by both Secure
Transport and a lot of the technologies
that we use for signing applications.
In particular,
a certificate contains the public key,
and it also contains a set of
attributes that describe that public
key and how it should be used.
So, for example,
there are some public keys or key
pairs that should only be used for SSL,
they should only be
used for signing SMIME.
All of that information is
included in the certificate,
also including things like the
certificate should expire after one year.
At that point, you have all of that
data in your certificate.
It's then signed by the certificate that
issued what we call a leaf certificate.
So, for example, you'll have a leaf
certificate like this one,
and it's issued by a root certificate.
The root certificate is associated
with its own private key,
and that's what signed all of
the attributes in that leaf.
And in fact, there are a number of root
certificates in the world.
and on iOS and OS X,
the system ships with a set of
default root certificates that
the system will trust by default
that we call root anchors.
So in particular,
the trust evaluation system that we've
built into the Security Framework is
built on top of X.509 certificates.
So this is an industry standard for,
it's the data format that the
certificates are in and it's a
Very extensive format.
It has a lot of options.
But in particular,
both iOS and OS X ship with a standard
set of root anchors that the trust
evaluation engine will use by default.
And of course,
our clients can specify a different
set of root anchors to use.
And fundamentally,
what trust evaluation is
doing is evaluating what we
call a certificate chain.
So when you sign something,
you're going to sign an object,
and trust evaluation wants to
verify that signature matches
the public key in your cert,
but it also is going to want
to verify that that certificate
was issued ultimately by a root
anchor that it was told to trust.
And trust evaluation also supports
the concept of revocation.
So keys can be lost.
And in the case of a lost key,
at the point you're evaluating it,
you want to find out, hey,
should I not trust this guy anymore?
Because the data may have
been posted on the internet
or otherwise been compromised.
And we support two different
models of revocation.
The first is called a
certificate revocation list.
And this is usually a URL that's
included as one of those
attributes in a certificate.
So when the security framework
is evaluating a certificate,
if a URL, if a CRL is specified,
the system is actually going to go
out to that server that's hosting the
CRL and download it to the device.
And what trust evaluation is
going to do at that point is take
each of the certificates in the
chain and determine if any of them
appear on that revocation list,
because then it will know that, oh,
this guy's been revoked by its owner.
We should no longer trust it.
One of the issues with CRLs is that
they can grow unbounded over time.
And so they can get pretty big.
And the effort of manually walking
each certificate you want to check
against that list can be expensive.
So there's an alternate protocol
that we also support called OCSP.
This stands for Online Certificate
Status Protocol.
And the idea is that at the point in time
where you've got a set of certificates
in a chain that you want to evaluate,
you're going to take those certs and talk
directly to an OCSP responder and ask,
hey, are any of these
certificates been revoked?
Are they all still good?
So I'd like to walk through a very
simplified example of what trust
evaluation might actually look like.
So when you buy an app on an iOS device
and you download it to your device,
it's going to come
along with a signature.
And it's also going
to have a certificate.
So at the point that the
installer on iOS goes to evaluate,
is this an application that it can trust,
it's first going to take a
measurement of that application.
And that is going to get it a message
digest that represents the actual
data that it's going to be using.
And then it's going to use the public
key in the certificate to perform an
RSA verification on that signature.
And fundamentally,
it's using that public key
to decrypt the signature,
and then the message digest should match.
But it's not done yet.
At that point,
it now has a certificate that it
then wants to evaluate against the
root certificate coming from Apple,
so that you know that this came from
the App Store and not somewhere else.
And of course, at any point,
along that chain,
it might have to reach out to
a server to find out if any of
these elements had been revoked.
Now, if you'd like to take advantage of
trust evaluation in your application,
the API that you want to learn
about is the SecTrust API.
And we have a great reference
online that goes into a lot of
good detail about how to take
advantage of it on both platforms.
We also have an upcoming
session this Friday.
It's going to go into a lot of really
good detail about how secure transport
takes advantage of trust evaluation.
and some practical examples
for what that looks like.
So one of the things I want to
talk about is the cross-platform
nature of the Security Framework.
So we have a shared source space.
So the same code that we use
for OS X is what we use on iOS.
And in particular,
the crypto library is exactly the same.
So what we submit for the
OS X train is the same for iOS,
as well as our Secure Transport engine.
So Secure Transport is the exact
same code on both platforms.
And so in the cases of
these two technologies,
we have a shared source space.
So we have a shared source space.
And so in the cases of
these two technologies,
we're bug-for-bug compatible
between the two platforms.
One thing to keep in mind, though,
is that the Security Framework
on iOS is a subset of the overall
API that we make available on OS X.
One specific difference that
I mentioned earlier is that iOS
only supports a single Keychain.
So it's the same physical Keychain
that the Security Framework is using
to store all of the Keychain items
on behalf of those applications.
And it's the Security Framework that's
enforcing all of the access control
on behalf of all of the applications.
And that includes both system
apps and third-party apps.
Now, the API for interacting with the
Keychain on iOS is only the SecItem APIs.
So the other APIs that are on
OS X for searching for other
Keychains and then opening those,
because we only have a
single Keychain on iOS,
those APIs aren't necessary.
We do have a feature that is
only available on iOS that is not
on OS X called Data Protection,
and I'd like to talk
a little bit about it.
So the idea of Data Protection is
to protect the user's data
on a compromised device.
So if a device has been attacked
and the security model has
otherwise been exploited,
we still want to protect the user's data.
And the way we do that is that every
single file that is created on an
iOS device is given its own AES key,
its own randomly generated AES key
at the time the file is created.
And this is the same for
every Keychain item as well.
So when a file is released,
it's not a keychain.
It's written to disk.
It's written and stored on
disk using that AES key.
So the only thing that's actually
stored in Flash is the ciphertext.
And this is the same for every
single Keychain item as well.
And the way that we protect the
data in the event of a compromised
device is those keys are then
protected with the user's passcode.
So when you enable a
passcode on an iOS device,
what we're fundamentally doing
under the hood is taking all
of those keys associated with
all the files and Keychain,
and wrapping them with your passcode.
The benefit of this approach is
that when the user does enable
that feature on an iOS device,
we don't have to go back and
re-encrypt any of the files or
Keychain items because all of
that's already been done by default.
We just have to re-wrap
some of those keys.
Now we do support different
classes of protection.
And this is because on an iOS device,
there are certain files that the
operating system needs access to in order
to boot up and bring up that lock screen.
A good example might be the
actual wallpaper that you chose.
We want to be able to display
that even if the user hasn't
unlocked the device yet.
So we have a particular
class of protection,
which is for the subset of files
so that when the device boots up,
those keys are made available
to the system directly.
We also have a set of keys that are
available after the first unlocks.
When you unlock your
device for the first time,
those keys are going to be available
even if the user later locks his device.
And this is useful for
system applications that are
running in the background,
like mail,
which is able to go and download files.
So you can download files or
download your email even if
the device has been locked.
The best level of protection
that we offer is a mode where
when the device is locked,
all of the keys associated with
those items are erased from memory
after a 10-second grace period.
Now there are a couple of
features that we do not support
in the Security Framework.
The first is DRM.
So we don't have any APIs for
performing any type of digital
rights management on iOS or OS X.
The second is the we don't support
the concept of jailbreak detection.
And the issue here is that if
there were an interface that your
application could call to say,
"Hey, am I on a jailbroken iPhone?"
it would be very easy for a
compromised device to simply lie.
And so either way, we can't support that.
So in summary,
We talked a lot about the actual
crypto that we support on the device
and how all of that has been collected
into a unified common crypto library
that is primary focus is to be as
fast and efficient as possible.
And of course,
if you need to use the cryptography,
we highly recommend that you
focus on the higher level
SecKey and SecTransform APIs.
We talked about the Keychain and how
that is used by applications to protect
the user's passcodes and other secrets.
We talked about Secure Transport and
how clients of the Security Framework
can use that to protect data as it
travels over the network between devices.
We talked about trust evaluation
and how technologies like Secure
Transport and application signing
rely upon it to know that it can
trust digitally signed objects.
And we talked about the data
protection feature in iOS and how it
can help to protect the customer's
data on a compromised device.
So we have a lot of really good
references online if you'd like to learn
more about all of the technologies that
are available in the Security Framework.
In particular, we have two really good
introductions to the API set,
as well as a secure coding guide so
that you can make your own application
as resistant to attack as possible.
And last month,
we also introduced a document
that goes into greater detail
on the iOS Security model.
If you have more information,
I highly recommend that you take
advantage of our Apple Developer Forums.
So if you have specific questions
about how things behave,
other developers and
Apple engineers are on those forums.
We also have our evangelist,
Paul Danbold.
So if you have other specific questions,
please feel free to contact him.
There are a number of really great
sessions that are going into some greater
detail on these technologies and others
that we make available on both platforms.
So if you missed any of these talks,
we highly recommend that
you can catch them online.
The app sandbox talk in particular
will be repeated this Friday.
We also have a very good talk
about privacy support on both
platforms and how your applications
can take advantage of that.
And then this Friday we have another
talk called Protecting the User's Data,
which is going to give very
practical examples of how secure
transport and data protection
can be used by your applications.
And thank you very much.